Update some typos in architecture docs (#4948)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/architecture/query-layer/overview.md

From the application perspective this is a stateless layer and the clients can connect to any (one or more) of the YB-TServers on the appropriate port to perform operations against the YugabyteDB cluster.

> The YQL layer running inside each YB-TServer implements some of the API specific aspects of each support API, but ultimately replicates/stores/retrieves data using DocDB, YugabyteDB’s common underlying strongly-consistent and distributed store. Some of the subcomponents in YQL for each API are:

Reviewer: YQL = YugabyteDB query layer, so it doesn't make sense to say "YQL layer"

```suggestion
The YugabyteDB query layer (YQL) inside of each YB-TServer implements some API-specific aspects required for each of the supported APIs, but ultimately replicates, stores, and retrieves data using DocDB, YugabyteDB’s common underlying strongly-consistent and distributed store. Some of the subcomponents in YQL for each API are:
```

> - A “statement cache”, a cache for compiled/execution plan for prepared statements to avoid overheads associated with repeated parsing of statements.

Reviewer: Trying to avoid slashes in docs, but not sure whether "compiled/execution plans" should be "compiled or execution plans" or "compiled, execution plans" or something else.

```suggestion
- A “statement cache” that caches compiled or execution plans for prepared statements to avoid overheads associated with repeated parsing of statements.
```
